---
layout: post
title:  "A Chip and a Chair"
date:   2014-05-06 01:45:00
categories: poker
---

Recently my focus has shifted away from the company and more towards exploring some personal
interests (more on that in a later post)... I've been exercising, doing some chores around the
house, and watching the NBA playoffs like a fiend.

I've also started to play poker again and am even planning a three-week trip to Las Vegas during
the World Series of Poker to get in on some of the action!

<p style="text-align:center;">
  <a href="http://www.wsop.com" target="new">
    <img src="http://www.wsop.com/images/logos/wsop_chip_logo_lg.gif" border="0" title="World
      Series Of Poker" alt="World Series Of Poker">
  </a>
<p>

Anyway, a few weeks ago I played in a low buy-in game with some friends and ran into a situation
that I thought would make for a good blog post.

I won't bore you with the details, but I found myself in a situation where I had **300 chips**,
down from the original starting stack of 12,250 chips. We were 5-handed and the blinds were big
enough that the *small* blind was enough to put me all-in.

I hadn't lost the majority of my chips due to bad play, but rather due to getting unlucky in a
pivotal situation. Still, I didn't lose hope, as I've played poker long enough to realize that
anything can happen.

The first hand I got with my extremely short stack was a very poor hand, something like 6-3
offsuit. It was a tough situation, because the next hand would force me all-in since I would be in
the big blind. Eventually, I opted to fold as the odds were in my favor to get a better hand on the
next deal.

Note that I'm not saying I folded and decided to "leave it to chance" that I would get a *good*
hand next; rather, I'm saying that statistically, I'm favored to get a *better* hand than 6-3
offsuit to go all-in with, which made the fold an obvious decision. Just another example that even
in decisions as seemingly trivial as this, and with as much of a luck factor as I needed at that
point in the tournament, there was still room for skill and application of poker knowledge.

As luck would have it, I did get a better hand and was able to triple-up on the next hand. Then, I
doubled-up. After that, despite still having one of the shortest stacks, I was able to take
advantage of my opponents' preflop tendancies to chip up and get back into the tournament, and
eventually to win the whole thing (all **98,000 chips**).

The whole experience reminded me of the old saying ["All you need is a Chip and a Chair"]
(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_Straus#1982_WSOP_Main_Event.2C_.22A_Chip_and_a_Chair.22).

Just another life lesson simplified in the form of a game: You're not out 'til all the chips are
gone :)
